I’m a new college graduate. I want a website that makes me stand out to employers so that I can show off my skills. 
A fellow former college student recommended this website to me and showed me the social media profile. I was able to sign up easily and create a profile that shows off my education as well as connect with others. I was also able to create a portfolio to show off my projects.

I’m stuck in a non-programming career that I no longer want to be a part of. I’ve decided to take online coding classes and get certified. I want a tool/website that can show off how versatile I am and make more connections.
I asked the coding instructor if there were any ways to market myself to potential employers. They recommended this platform. I was then able to upload my previous job experiences that were non-coding related. I then uploaded my new coding certifications and was able to customize my profile. I’ve now gotten a new job that utilizes my new coding skills while also building off of my previous skills acquired from my former career.  

I’m a programmer who specializes in defensive coding. I feel that I am plateauing in my current job and wish to find another one. I want a place to show off my previous projects, experience, and skills.
I randomly saw someone creating a profile on this website as I passed by their desk. I took note of the website and then did my own research. I decided this platform was best suited to my needs so I created a profile and uploaded my projects into a portfolio. I was then able to line up some interviews for different and more exciting jobs. 

I’m a student who just graduated with a Master’s degree. I wish to break into the forensics industry with my coding skills. I want a tool that can help show off my skills and a visually concise portfolio. 
My academic advisor recommended this platform to me during a meeting. I then searched it up and went through the sign-up process. I was able to create an excellent visual representation and portfolio that showed off my educational background and skills. I was also able to set my profile in a way to prioritize those in the forensics industry. 

Features List (Group Ideas):
Simple Sign-Up Process
Should be just as simple to delete a profile as well
Portfolio Templates 
Resume Templates (for beginners or those who want something different)
Can also upload your previous resume if you don’t want to make a new resume.
Flexible search bar
Be able to input skills and get a visual design
Be able to add tags to a profile to help narrow search results
Be able to add certain profile
Can choose to keep profile public or private
